README.md, before:

# Macchiato Theme! ☕️+🥛

Macchiato it's a [JSON Resume](https://jsonresume.org/) theme based on [Theme Boilerplate](https://github.com/jsonresume/jsonresume-theme-boilerplate) and [Caffeine Theme](https://github.com/kelyvin/jsonresume-theme-caffeine).

## Why?

I wanted to build my own resume theme, so I decided to start from a theme I like a lot and tring to make it a bit more personal.

I also wanted I simple environment, so I used the boilerplate provided by JSON Resume instead of using the awesome work done by [kelyvin](https://github.com/kelyvin/) for it's Caffeine Theme. If you are looking for a more complete environment take a look at the caffine theme.


> ***Currently it doesn't have any major style difference from it's parent [Caffeine](https://github.com/kelyvin/jsonresume-theme-caffeine).***


## Changes from Caffeine Theme

### Environment

- Simpler and less sofisticated development environment, the same as JSON Resume boilerplate. (Caffeine has live re-building and automatic page reloading)


### Visual differences

- Add tags to projects and skills
- Switch from `UPPERCASE` to `Capitalize` on most text


## Usage

1. Download [JSON Resume CLI](https://jsonresume.org/)
  ```
  npm install -g resume-cli
  ```

2. Download the theme from [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)
  ```
  npm install -g jsonresume-theme-macchiato
  ```

3. Use resume cli to build your resume
  ```
  resume export resume.html --theme macchiato
  ```

### PDF output

Probably you want a PDF version of your resume...

JSONResume CLI should be able to make a PDF out of your JSON but I always struggled to get it to work,
so I switched to a more direct and effective approach.

I use Puppeteer-CLI to make a PDF from my HTML resume.

```
npm install -g puppeteer-cli
puppeteer --wait-until networkidle0 --margin-top 0 --margin-right 0 --margin-bottom 0 --margin-left 0 --format A4 print resume.html resume.pdf
```

Obviously you could write a very simple Node script to use the real Puppeteer and the `render` function to make a PDF without first exporting the HTML version.

Also checkout [HackMyResume](https://github.com/hacksalot/HackMyResume), a powerful tool to build and analyze your JSON Resume.


## License

Available under the [MIT license](http://mths.be/mit).

Commit message:

style(print): improved styles for print

README.md, after:

> A fork of the original Macchiato theme by Alessandro Biondi with better print-to-PDF support and some improved styles. Original README below.

---

# Macchiato Theme! ☕️+🥛

Macchiato it's a [JSON Resume](https://jsonresume.org/) theme based on [Theme Boilerplate](https://github.com/jsonresume/jsonresume-theme-boilerplate) and [Caffeine Theme](https://github.com/kelyvin/jsonresume-theme-caffeine).

## Why?

I wanted to build my own resume theme, so I decided to start from a theme I like a lot and tring to make it a bit more personal.

I also wanted I simple environment, so I used the boilerplate provided by JSON Resume instead of using the awesome work done by [kelyvin](https://github.com/kelyvin/) for it's Caffeine Theme. If you are looking for a more complete environment take a look at the caffine theme.

> **_Currently it doesn't have any major style difference from it's parent [Caffeine](https://github.com/kelyvin/jsonresume-theme-caffeine)._**

## Changes from Caffeine Theme

### Environment

- Simpler and less sofisticated development environment, the same as JSON Resume boilerplate. (Caffeine has live re-building and automatic page reloading)

### Visual differences

- Add tags to projects and skills
- Switch from `UPPERCASE` to `Capitalize` on most text

## Usage

1. Download [JSON Resume CLI](https://jsonresume.org/)

```
npm install -g resume-cli
```

2. Download the theme from [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/)

```
npm install -g jsonresume-theme-macchiato
```

3. Use resume cli to build your resume

```
resume export resume.html --theme macchiato
```

### PDF output

Probably you want a PDF version of your resume...

JSONResume CLI should be able to make a PDF out of your JSON but I always struggled to get it to work,
so I switched to a more direct and effective approach.

I use Puppeteer-CLI to make a PDF from my HTML resume.

```
npm install -g puppeteer-cli
puppeteer --wait-until networkidle0 --margin-top 0 --margin-right 0 --margin-bottom 0 --margin-left 0 --format A4 print resume.html resume.pdf
```

Obviously you could write a very simple Node script to use the real Puppeteer and the `render` function to make a PDF without first exporting the HTML version.

Also checkout [HackMyResume](https://github.com/hacksalot/HackMyResume), a powerful tool to build and analyze your JSON Resume.

## License

Available under the [MIT license](http://mths.be/mit).
